README.md, before:

# Destination Alarm

An Android application that wakes you up near the GPS location you provided. Sleep on the bus freely!

A project to familiarize myself with Kotlin and OpenStreetMap! :)

### TODOs
* <del>Add ability to select target location [DONE]</del>
* <del>Add ability to select radius of alarm [DONE]</del>
* <del>Add visualization of minDist (radius) [DONE]</del>
* <del>Add button to focus on user's location [DONE]</del>
* <del>Add the actual alarm (sound playing) functionality [DONE]</del>
* <del>Add ability to stop the alarm!! [DONE]</del>
* <del>Make the polygon (circle/radius) unclickable [DONE]</del>
* <del>Fix settings icon [DONE]</del>
* <del>Add ability to save favourite target locations [DONE]</del>
* <del>Make settings permanent [DONE]</del>
* <del>Fix non-stop alarm sound!! [DONE]</del>
* <del>Run on background with message on notifications bar (https://developer.android.com/guide/components/bound-services) [DONE]</del>
* <del>Fix persistent target marker when reaching destination bug [DONE]</del>
* <del>Notification bar message that app is still running [DONE]</del>
* <del>Add ability to select alarm sound [DONE]</del>
* <del>Set alarm sound intent on previously selected sound [DONE]</del>
* <del>Add ability to search on the map [DONE]</del>
* <del>Allow the app to use the alarm volume instead of the notifications one [DONE]</del>
* <del>Add vibration on alarm [DONE]</del>
* <del>Add ability to work with offline map [DONE]</del>
* <del>Add routine for non permitted permissions! [DONE]</del>
* <del>Prompt user to enable GPS on startup [DONE]</del>
* <del>Change to bigger, clearer icons [DONE]<del>
* <del>Change the appearance of the fragments [DONE]</del>
* <del>Add Application launcher and notification icons [DONE]</del>
* <del>Move the extra classes on different kotlin files, and fix the global variables! [DONE]</del>
* <del>Add progress bar while searching the server for addresses and run on a new thread[DONE]</del>
* <del>Prompt user for internet access when in online mode?? Maybe not... [MAYBE NOT WON]</del>
* <del>Do something with the volume [IT'S THE USER'S PROBLEM]</del>
* <del>Allow the app to chooce between alarm and notifications (for speakers vs headphones use) [GREW SICK OF IT]</del>
* <del>Add night map & satelite map [REJECTED]</del>

##### Icons
wake up by Chinnaking from the Noun Project
Star by y. onaldi from the Noun Project
search map by b farias from the Noun Project
setting by Vectorstall from the Noun Project
Download Map by Ben Davis from the Noun Project
Download by Kimmi Studio from the Noun Project
current location by Balam Palma from the Noun Project
Bus by Orkhan Mursalov from the Noun Project

Commit message:

Added credits to all the lovely open source people that I used content from

README.md, after:

# Destination Alarm

An Android application that wakes you up near the GPS location you provided. Sleep on the bus freely!

A project to familiarize myself with Kotlin and OpenStreetMap! :)

## Credits

### Libraries
OpenStreetMap - https://www.openstreetmap.org
OSMDroid - https://github.com/osmdroid/osmdroid
OSMBonusPack - https://github.com/MKergall/osmbonuspack

### Icons
wake up by Chinnaking from the Noun Project
Star by y. onaldi from the Noun Project
search map by b farias from the Noun Project
setting by Vectorstall from the Noun Project
Download Map by Ben Davis from the Noun Project
Download by Kimmi Studio from the Noun Project
current location by Balam Palma from the Noun Project
Bus by Orkhan Mursalov from the Noun Project


## TODOs
* <del>Add ability to select target location [DONE]</del>
* <del>Add ability to select radius of alarm [DONE]</del>
* <del>Add visualization of minDist (radius) [DONE]</del>
* <del>Add button to focus on user's location [DONE]</del>
* <del>Add the actual alarm (sound playing) functionality [DONE]</del>
* <del>Add ability to stop the alarm!! [DONE]</del>
* <del>Make the polygon (circle/radius) unclickable [DONE]</del>
* <del>Fix settings icon [DONE]</del>
* <del>Add ability to save favourite target locations [DONE]</del>
* <del>Make settings permanent [DONE]</del>
* <del>Fix non-stop alarm sound!! [DONE]</del>
* <del>Run on background with message on notifications bar (https://developer.android.com/guide/components/bound-services) [DONE]</del>
* <del>Fix persistent target marker when reaching destination bug [DONE]</del>
* <del>Notification bar message that app is still running [DONE]</del>
* <del>Add ability to select alarm sound [DONE]</del>
* <del>Set alarm sound intent on previously selected sound [DONE]</del>
* <del>Add ability to search on the map [DONE]</del>
* <del>Allow the app to use the alarm volume instead of the notifications one [DONE]</del>
* <del>Add vibration on alarm [DONE]</del>
* <del>Add ability to work with offline map [DONE]</del>
* <del>Add routine for non permitted permissions! [DONE]</del>
* <del>Prompt user to enable GPS on startup [DONE]</del>
* <del>Change to bigger, clearer icons [DONE]<del>
* <del>Change the appearance of the fragments [DONE]</del>
* <del>Add Application launcher and notification icons [DONE]</del>
* <del>Move the extra classes on different kotlin files, and fix the global variables! [DONE]</del>
* <del>Add progress bar while searching the server for addresses and run on a new thread[DONE]</del>
* <del>Prompt user for internet access when in online mode?? Maybe not... [MAYBE NOT WON]</del>
* <del>Do something with the volume [IT'S THE USER'S PROBLEM]</del>
* <del>Allow the app to chooce between alarm and notifications (for speakers vs headphones use) [GREW SICK OF IT]</del>
* <del>Add night map & satelite map [REJECTED]</del>
